docker pull:
    Downloads Docker images from a registry.

docker run: 
    Creates and starts a Docker container based on an image.

docker build: 
    Builds a Docker image from a Dockerfile.

docker ps: 
    Lists running Docker containers.

docker stop: 
    Stops one or more running Docker containers.

docker rm: 
    Removes one or more Docker containers.

docker rmi: 
    Removes one or more Docker images.

docker exec: 
    Runs a command inside a running Docker container.

docker-compose up: 
    Builds, (re)creates, starts, and attaches to containers for a service defined in a docker-compose.yml file.

docker-compose down: 
    Stops and removes containers, networks, volumes, and images created by docker-compose up.

docker images: 
    Lists Docker images.

docker network ls: 
    Lists Docker networks.

docker volume ls: 
    Lists Docker volumes.

docker-compose logs: 
    Views output from containers started by docker-compose up.

docker-compose build: 
    Builds Docker images as defined in a docker-compose.yml file.

docker inspect: 
    Displays detailed information about one or more Docker objects.

docker-compose stop: 
    Stops Docker containers started by docker-compose up.

docker-compose restart: 
    Restarts Docker containers started by docker-compose up.

docker-compose pause: 
    Pauses services in a Docker-compose file.

docker-compose unpause: 
    Unpauses services in a Docker-compose file.

docker-compose exec: 
    Executes a command in a running Docker container specified in a docker-compose.yml file.

docker-compose pull: 
    Pulls images for services defined in a docker-compose.yml file.

docker-compose push: 
    Pushes images for services defined in a docker-compose.yml file.

docker-compose down -v: 
    Removes containers, networks, volumes, and images defined in a docker-compose.yml file.

docker save: 
    Saves Docker images to a tar archive.

docker load: 
    Loads Docker images from a tar archive.

docker attach: 
    Attaches to a running container.

docker cp: 
    Copies files or folders between a container and the local filesystem.

docker login: 
    Logs in to a Docker registry.

docker logout: 
    Logs out from a Docker registry.